0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    According to Merriam-Webster's Medical Dictionary,
    pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a
    pneumoconiosis caused by inhalation of very fine
    silicate or quartz dust.

1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    getrusage() returns resource usage measures for, the calling process, all 
    children of the calling process, or the calling thread
    
2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    16
    
3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
    so we avoid creating unnecessary duplicates of rusage structs in memory

4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    
    In the main for loop, we iterator over the characters in our text file. 
    First we check if the current character is alphabetical, if it is we store 
    it in an array which will become a string for our word. We proceed over the 
    next characters until a non alphabetical string is found. If we find a 
    number we skip over the subsequent alphabetical characters and reset our 
    word string. This is so we dont store words with numbers. If our subsequent 
    character is neither alphabetical or a number and our word length is greater 
    than zero, we append the null character to our string, increment the number 
    of words  we've checked, and then proceed to check the spelling of that 
    word. If it is misspelled we increment a misspelled counter. We also check 
    the time that it takes to check the spelling of the word. We then reset our 
    word string to prepare for the next word. If a word becomes larger than our 
    max length (LENGTH), then we skip over the remainder of the word and reset 
    our word string.

5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    relying of fscanf would not allow us to check for max LENGTH or if words have digits while we are reading them in

6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
    the pointed data cannot be written to using the pointer